Export tiles to feature layer dictionary renderer (#737)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/feature-collection-layer/README.md

# Feature collection layer

Create a Feature Collection Layer from a Feature Collection Table, and add it to a map.

![Image of feature collection layer](feature-collection-layer.png)

## Use case

A Feature Collection allows easily importing external data (such as CSV files), as well as creating custom schema for data that is in non-standardized format. This data can then be used to populate a Feature Collection Table, and displayed in a Feature Collection Layer using the attributes and geometries provided in the external data source. For example, an electricity supplier could use this functionality to visualize existing location data of coverage areas (polygons), power stations (points), transmission lines (polylines), and others.

## How to use the sample

> When launched, this sample displays a `FeatureCollectionLayer` with a `Point`, `Polyline` and `Polygon` geometry. Pan and zoom to explore the scene.

Reviewer: picky point but we generally avoid API class references in this section. let's just convert them to plain ol' english

Author: okay!

## How it works

1. Create a `FeatureCollectionLayer` using a new feature collection, `FeatureCollectionLayer(featureCollection)`
2. Add the feature collection layer to the map, `ArcGISMap.getOperationalLayers().add(featureCollectionLayer)`.

> 3. Create a `FeatureCollectionTable` for the `GeometryType`s `Point`, `Polyline`, and `Polygon`, `FeatureCollectionTable(fields, geometryType, spatialRefernce)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a `FeatureCollectionTable` for the `GeometryType`s `Point`, `Polyline`, and `Polygon`, `FeatureCollectionTable(fields, geometryType, spatialReference)`
```

> 3. Create a `FeatureCollectionTable` for the `GeometryType`s `Point`, `Polyline`, and `Polygon`, `FeatureCollectionTable(fields, geometryType, spatialReference)`

Reviewer: something about this instruction doesn't read quite right. Are we missing a "using" somewhere? This is how I'm reading it:  

Create a FCtable for the geometry type's point, polyline and polygon, FCtable

Also the references to `Point` etc look like enums (GeometryType.POINT)

Author: I have changed this to:

```
3. Create a `FeatureCollectionTable` with `new FeatureCollectionTable(fields, geometryType, spatialReference)`, specifying `GeometryType.POINT`, `GeometryType.POLYLINE`, and `GeometryType.POLYGON` for geometry type.
```

Does that work?

    *  Additionally, pass in a list of `Field` objects to represent the table's schema.
4. Assign a `SimpleRenderer` to each table to render any `Feature`s from that table using the `Symbol` that was set.
5. Add the feature collection table to the feature collection, `FeatureCollection.getTables().add(featureCollectionTable)`.

> 6. Use the `createFeature` method to create a feature from the feature collection table, passing an attribute and geometry for that feature, `FeatureCollectionTable.createFeature(attributes, geometry)`.

Reviewer: We can simplify this with 
```suggestion
6. Create a feature from the feature collection table passing an attribute and geometry for that feature with `featureCollectionTable.createFeature(attributes, geometry)`.
```

> 7. Add new features to the table, `FeatureCollectionTable.addFeatureAsync(feature)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Add new features to the table, `featureCollectionTable.addFeatureAsync(feature)`.
```

## How to use the sample

When launched, this sample displays a feature collection layer with a point, polyline and polygon geometry. Pan and zoom to explore the scene.

## How it works

1. Create a `FeatureCollectionLayer` using a new feature collection, `FeatureCollectionLayer(featureCollection)`
2. Add the feature collection layer to the map, `ArcGISMap.getOperationalLayers().add(featureCollectionLayer)`.

> 3. Create a `FeatureCollectionTable` with `new FeatureCollectionTable(fields, geometryType, spatialReference)`, specifying `GeometryType.POINT`, `GeometryType.POLYLINE`, and `GeometryType.POLYGON` for geometry type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a `FeatureCollectionTable` with `new FeatureCollectionTable(fields, geometryType, spatialReference)`, specifying `GeometryType.POINT`, `GeometryType.POLYLINE`, or `GeometryType.POLYGON` for geometry type.
```
